How much free time you have really depends on the type of job that you're
doing. If you're in this uniform, that means, when you're stationed
on land, that means you probably have a nine to five job. You get
off and you go home and you do your own thing. When you're on deployment,
then your free time goes from maybe eight hours later in the
day down to maybe two or three. You don't have that much free time.
During those times, you really suck them, you really suck the juice
out of them, so you're watching DVDs or you're drumming down in, like,
the basement or you're just sitting back, relaxing, watching some
TV or reading a comic or something like that and the two or three
hours, you really make the most use of it. When you are, when I got
out of the military and I started going to school full-time, then, I
guess my days were a little bit easier. Going to school full-time,
that's about thirty hours to sixty hours, depending on whether you're
taking the easy class or hard class. But even for me, when I was taking
easier classes, then I try to find part-time work, to add on the
extra twenty or thirty hours to it. So, all my time was about sixty
hours per week, consistently for last few years, either just full-time
student or full-time with part-time work.